Fix bug where pages refresh periodically for custom server (#11418)
zeit/next.js: errors/render-no-starting-slash.md

# Rendering Without Starting Slash

#### Why This Error Occurred

> When calling `app.render(req, res, path)` the `path` did not begin with a slash (`/`). This can cause unexpected behavior and should be corrected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling `app.render(req, res, path)` the `path` did not begin with a slash (`/`). This causes unexpected behavior and should be corrected.
```
